cockpit-*: add page (#9145)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/cockpit-tls.md

# cockpit-tls

> > A HTTP proxy that is used to encrypt traffic between a client and cockpit-ws.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  TLS terminating HTTP proxy to encrypt traffic between a client and `cockpit-ws`.
```

> More information: <https://cockpit-project.org/guide/latest/cockpit-tls.8.html>.

> - Set port:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Serve HTTP requests to a specific PORT instead of port `9090`:
```

> `cockpit-tls --port {{443}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cockpit-tls --port {{PORT}}`
```
I guess we can have this, in order to better align with the man page.

> - Show command help:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
